How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

It made de the process a lot faster since I don't have to compare by sight hundreds of lines.
I only had to check a dozen lines in this case.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a
file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

I could use this to go back to previous version if for example 
I'm not satisfied with more recent additions to the program.
I could use it as al earning tool too, to figure out what logical steps I took
to get to this point in the program.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

Pros:
Saving at more meaningful moments.

Cons:
Make sure to remember to create a commit when you've expressed an idea.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git,
allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git seems to function more in a project based way, with programming in mind.
Where multiple files are common. 
Google doc seems focused on document creation, witch could have use for multiple
files but is broably focusing more on single files/documents.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log show you a reverse chronological order of all commits
done on a project/group of files. Then you can use git diff to
compare 2 different commits in details showing each line changes
between the 2.


How might using version control make you more confident to 
make changes that could break something?

Well, having the option to go back to a previous build anytime
is really usefull when you eant to try something experimental and 
your not sure if it's gonna end up working out.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using git for?

I'm gonna use git all the way for my CS education.
This way I'll be able to look back and reflect on 
my progress through out my journey.